My name is Sameer Khan whose meaning is cool breeze.

Well Professionally I am a full stack software developer at dassault systemes.

I am also a certified professional in advanced computing from CDAC Pune,India.

Well my hobby are reading,cooking ,sketching, trekking and love to do morning jog.

I am also a good team event organiser held lot of events at dassault systemes and also in college.
(ex Shayari Event , BollyWood Quiz Event, World Map and Cuntry event and lot more.


Well I am from nuclear family based in (Meerut,)India. My Father is a shokeeper in a schoool and My mother,Well My mother is 
is a foundation of our family. she is not just a houswife she is a good motivator, full of patience, she is very cheerful too.
I do have 2 younger brother as well. One of them is persuing his bachelor degree in Mechanical Engineering and youngest
one is in High School. We are a small family with full chaos & laughter.



How Reader?
I do read daily. Fiction fascinates me a lot and non fiction is something that I can't avoid as it is 
like getting ornaments of knowledge. Batman is my favourite superhero why? despite of having no super power he save
people fight crime and lead a team diligently and help innocent and poor. He is someone whom I can say a true guardian
given by God.

Chetan Bhagat(One Indian Girl,Five Point Someone,3 Mistakes of my Life,Revolution 2020,One night at the call centre)
Robin S Sharma (A monk who sold his ferrari)
Paulo Coelho (Alchemist,adultrist)
Varsha Dixit(Right fit wrong shoe)
MK Gandhi (An Autobigraphy)


About CDAC
Well cdac is an Institutes governed by Indian goverment ministry of electronics and IT. It gives 6 months of
rigorous training in Advanced Computing. It's a great institute where the teach us
learn by doing and learn by concept.Well they teach students More than 12 hours in a day which really pushes them a lot.
I can say CDAC is a great place to do Software Development training. It's like a sprint course in IT training in India.




Stephaan Meet:-
How are you?
How is wheather there? Here india winter just arrived

Stephan Meeting...

@ revise javscript
@ what is cookies
@ what is nextup
@ react.js
@ understand shankhadeep projects & install it in my local workspace
@ introspect whta u have done at dossault systemes



@how many hours i can give in a day......
well 8 hours is my office timings so i can give 3 to 4 hours in a day. To get the task accompolished i also can utilise
 sat sunday as well.
 
 
 what is session
 A “session” just refers to the time you spend on a site.
 
 
