Ques : Tell me about yourself ?
	My name is Sameer Khan. My names meaning is cool breeze. 
	I belong to meerut which is a sport city of India.
	Currently I am working in Citiustech as a full stack Developer and prior to that I worked  Dassault Systemes as a R&D Full Stack Software Developer
	in Pune and acquantied over 4 years of professional dev experience.
	I am also certified in AdvancedComputing from CDAC ACTS Pune.

	My hobbies are reading ,sketching and love to do morning jog. I am also be a part of Toastmasters club in CItiustech for buildingLeadership skills.

	I am also a team event organiser. Held lot of events at dassault systemes and also in college.
	(ex Shayari Event , BollyWood Quiz Event, World Map and Cuntry event, Fresher Skit Event, 3Dverve volunteering  and lot more.

	Well I am from nuclear family based in (Meerut,)India. My Father is a shokeeper in a schoool and My mother,Well My mother is 
	is a foundation of our family. she is not just a houswife she is a good motivator, full of patience, she is very cheerful too.
	I do have 2 younger brother as well. One of them is persuing his bachelor degree in Mechanical Engineering and youngest
	one is in High School. We are a small family with full chaos & laughter.


...How Reader?
I do read daily. Fiction fascinates me a lot and non fiction is something that I can't avoid as it is 
like getting ornaments of knowledge. 
By the way Batman is my favourite superhero why? despite of having no super power he save
people fight crime and lead a team diligently and help innocent and poor. He is someone whom I can say a true guardian.

Chetan Bhagat(One Indian Girl,Five Point Someone,3 Mistakes of my Life,Revolution 2020,One night at the call centre)
Robin S Sharma (A monk who sold his ferrari)
Paulo Coelho (Alchemist,adultrist)
Varsha Dixit(Right fit wrong shoe)
MK Gandhi (An Autobigraphy)
Robert Kiyosaki(Rich Dad Poor Dad)
(Physocology of Money)

...About CDAC
Well cdac is an Institutes governed by Indian goverment ministry of electronics and IT. It gives 6 months of
rigorous training in Advanced Computing. It's a great institute where the teach us
learn by doing and learn by concept.Well they teach students More than 12 hours in a day which really pushes them a lot.
I can say CDAC is a great place to do Software Development training. It's like a sprint course in IT training in India.

-------------------
 
 
Ques: Give me introduction what you do? 
I am a Full stack Developer at Citiustech and responsible for Full Stack Developement for IRP Capture, IQVIA.

I am R &D Software Developer responsible for full stack development of a service named as ServiceLifecycleManagement.
The Technology I have been working on since the inception of employment are ReactJS,Javascript,Java,Hibernate SpringBoot
 
www.linkedin.com/in/sameer-khan-ec




Ques :How you can manage team?
Currently I am training two fresher in my team
also organised various events in Dassault systemes
Voluteered our 3dVerve for two conesecutive years (In that I have responsibility for medical emergency and transport urgency)

-----
How you start if we give you team for a project?
I will tell them how fascinating it is when we code and work on actual implementation. By diligently working on project.
u can introspect ursef and able to push your limits. 
I am gonna ask them ...What do u like the most watching cricket or playing cricket? 
-----

What do u think u can ready to learn or not?
Well I am from electronics branch and doesnt have much exposure to coding then 
joined cdac (I can expain what cdac is) and learned coding computerscience concept in just 6months
later join a very good organisation Dassault Systemes as a java developer. Excelled myself a lot
learned javascript Reactjs css html hibernate spring spring boot also some cloud concept
----
Ques: Which blog u follow to be updated ? 
mostly anything on google,  JRebel , Youtube,Linked in Post etc,Stackoverflow. 
-----




Javascript developed by Breinden Eich at Netscape(Mocha - Livescript - Javascript)
ReactJS developed by Facebook
yarn developed by facebook

Java developed by James Gosling at Sun
Spring developed by Rod Johnson now it is Spring Company
Hibernate developed by Red hat developers
Feign ,Ribbon,Eureka naming server, Zull developed by Netflix

w3c- worldwideweb consortium
www -worldwideweb


front end
front controller
Interceptors
controller layer
service layer
persistent
db layer

how authenticate-----service has lot vm

service req - loadbalancer(predefined) ,authentication (predefined), goes to endpoint

login - authenticate - subsequent request with athentication key -

we defined feautures for each opeartion

logging....
log4j
instantiate all class with log4j


all service has common 


.....Manegrial Question 

Ques: What is your  Role in your Team.

Ques: how you collaboarte with team?

Ques: What is the biggest decision that you took in office work?

Ques: How you divide work at office?

Ques: What is the importance of your project , How it is helping customers

Ques: What do u suggest to guys who is going to start working on ReactJS?

Ques: Did u participated in any competion at your office (Hackathon etc)?

Ques: What do you think what you still need to work upon

Ques: What things you follow to get yourself updated in technical?

Ques: Apart from technical stuff what you do at office?

Ques: Are you okay to work in other technology apart from the technology you have been working?

Ques: Why do want to leave current organisation?

Ques: Are you okay to also give sometime in support & maintanence of the existing application?

Ques: Why do u want to leave current organisation?

Ques: What is Your Personal Goal?
Utilise my potential as much as I can

Ques: How do seee yourself in 5 years?
Well I pray to god have mercy on us and have a good and healthy life.



Ques: What is Coding Standard you follow while cdoeing in ReactjS?
We Use PropTypes.
We Use Guards in React routing Code
We use Linters
We used caching
	-Asynchronlus code
	-using react state and useState hook
	-React.memo
	-react pure function
	-shouldComponentUpdate lifecycle method
	-using webpack

Ques: How can you increae web page performance?
react js
by seeing what part of the page is purecomponent. I will use react.memo & react Callbacks to reduce load time
by using webpack 
by loading some less used page asynchronously


Ques: Which Linter you've Used?
ESLINT 
	-to make error js code free 
	-good spacing
	-if any variable not used it basically show you usual error and helps u to write clean code in js
how to add it? 
	- npm install --save-dev eslint  
	- give some basic answer
	
PRETTIER
	-npm install eslint-config-prettier eslint-plugin-prettier prettier --save-dev
	



npm init - initialise node project

Ques: How Api you create can  be resuse for multiple argument?
Using Object Mapping
Using Query String
Using Path Variable




Ques: How can you increase springboot backend performance?
	-first i will make sure i am using stateless server.
	-Database Indexig
	-Leverage Hibernate Cache
	-Use of Multithreading and sychronization and Executor frameowrk


Ques:How can you secure your web page ?
	-csrf token
	-using https
	-Use React Gurads
	

Ques:How can you secure your web backend api?
	-outh authentication and authorization
	-csrf token
	-return data which is necessary not all
	-Validate Your Input
	-Using parameters to pass for DB Query





Ques: How to make code reusable?
Commenting should be done.
Code should be as much as modularised as possible


Ques: Design a service?

Ques: Design DB?

Ques: If any requirement comes how will you manage?

Ques: Token management in react?
We dont manege token in react. We hit authentication api and save token in the local storage


Ques: Token Management in SpringBoot?



Ques : What is your Project Architecture?

Ques: What is current Project? Whta it does?
IRP Capture
Clinical study Management Tool
Large Data are used by analytics team for drug or vaccination release into the market

Ques: What is Your tech stack?

Ques: Challenges you faced in your current project?
epro threading logging not right.
Mbatch  issues like it is not running
Data Parsing from Db table.
Junit Test case and code coverage.
When writing script stuck at db layers......(Enterprise, Registry, view, synonyums
SONAR issues - Used  buoilder Design Pattern  to resolve 4 arg rule in a class.
DB reseed issues


Ques: Project you done as POC or inititavie any?
Differentialchanges by excel configuration

Ques: Cachining improvement in backend ?
Used Hibernate EH second level cache
Pagination
Indexing Db


Ques: Whta is Load Balancing & Scalability?


Ques: CI CD in your project?
GIT Lab

Ques: Anyscript u've written using jenkins+-
Created Freestyle Project in Jenkins
Steps Added
	1.source code configured and polling
	2.build it by maven
	3.deployment power shell script
	4.Tomcat stop
	5.war replace
	6.tomcat restrat
	6.Sonar & execute unit test
	
	
Ques: Authentication and Optimisation

Ques: Intercept?


Ques: What is BLOB?
Binary large object
A binary large object is a collection of binary data stored as a single entity. Blobs are typically images, audio or other multimedia objects,
 though sometimes binary executable code is stored as a blob








....................................................

Reactjs

how to manage cache management in react js?
what is the diff b/w webpacke & packages?
what dependencies u added in your project?//redux thunk ,routing
what is state in component?
if u hav 4 parts and u put A REACT component in leftbottom and u hit submit?what will happen
what is virtual dom?




how many technology apart from springboot u used to create backend

Ques: what dependdenicies u added in pom.xml?




architecture of backend of your project


can u get element from set like list.get(idx);












.........................................................................
Ques:About Deloitte?
Deloitte is Anglo-American Company.
Its CEO is Mr. Punit Renjen and
it is founded in 1845,London by Mr. William Deloitte .
It has good a network of employees near about 3.3lakh.
It is one of the BIG4 accounting company.


Ques: About Citiustech?
Citius Tech is a company which provide  IT Solutions for Healthcare Industry. It was founded in 2005. And the current CEO is Mr. Rizwan Koita
Citius Tech headquartered at Princton,NewJersey,USA. Currently u are 4000plus strenth of people.


