
...........................Spring & Spring Boot.................................
Ques: What is lifecycle of spring ?

Ques: What is csrf.disable() ?

Ques: Diff b/w stateless and stateful?

Ques: What is Scalability in Application?
A scalable web application is a website that is able to handle an increase in users and load, whether in terms of a gradual or abrupt surge, without disrupting end-users' activities.



Ques: Can 2 different objects created in Java are same(have same this) when their hashcode is same?
No
2 diferent objects can for sure have the same hashcode and they dont need to be equal...
ex:2person can have same birth date but they dont need to be equal right.


Ques: How to thread safe a method without using synchronization keyword?
1. by making a method mutable


Ques: How to create class Immutable in java?
declare class final    //so that nobody can extend
datamemember private and final    //so that nobody can access or change
no setter		//so that nobody can access for change
parametrized contructor to initiliaze all the fields                          //note finaldata varibale can be initiliazed only by constrcutor


Ques: Can Functional Interface has default methods. If it is then how many can we create?  //also for static methods
Yes multiple default methods and multiple static methods

Ques: Latest SpringBoot Version u used?
we are using 2.4.3

but latest is 2.5.0
Latest Spring version is 5.3.1


Ques: Explain ACID ?

Atomicity: It defined all work in unit time .This effectively means that either we perform all the changes or none of them.

Consistency: Whatever changes we want to do has to be done before transaction starts.

In another way, Consistency ensures that we execute all the data changes while maintaining a consistent state at the start and the end of a transaction. 

Isolation: Isolation ensures that we keep the intermediate states of a transaction invisible to other transactions.

Durability: Durability ensures that when a transaction completes, we persist changes to the data

